c:\users\pc1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\nhanvien_luong\nhanvien_luong\bin\nhanvien_luong.dll.config
c:\users\pc1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\nhanvien_luong\nhanvien_luong\bin\nhanvien_luong.dll
c:\users\pc1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\nhanvien_luong\nhanvien_luong\bin\nhanvien_luong.pdb
c:\users\pc1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\nhanvien_luong\nhanvien_luong\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\pc1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\nhanvien_luong\nhanvien_luong\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\pc1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\nhanvien_luong\nhanvien_luong\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\pc1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\nhanvien_luong\nhanvien_luong\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\pc1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\nhanvien_luong\nhanvien_luong\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\users\pc1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\nhanvien_luong\nhanvien_luong\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\users\pc1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\nhanvien_luong\nhanvien_luong\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\pc1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\nhanvien_luong\nhanvien_luong\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\users\pc1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\nhanvien_luong\nhanvien_luong\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\pc1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\nhanvien_luong\nhanvien_luong\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\users\pc1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\nhanvien_luong\nhanvien_luong\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\pc1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\nhanvien_luong\nhanvien_luong\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\pc1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\nhanvien_luong\nhanvien_luong\obj\Debug\nhanvien_luong.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\pc1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\nhanvien_luong\nhanvien_luong\obj\Debug\nhanvien_luong.dll
c:\users\pc1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\nhanvien_luong\nhanvien_luong\obj\Debug\nhanvien_luong.pdb
C:\Users\pc1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\nhanvien_luong\nhanvien_luong\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\pc1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\nhanvien_luong\nhanvien_luong\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\pc1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\nhanvien_luong\nhanvien_luong\bin\MyEntity.dll
C:\Users\pc1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\nhanvien_luong\nhanvien_luong\bin\MyEntity.pdb
C:\Users\pc1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\nhanvien_luong\nhanvien_luong\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\pc1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\nhanvien_luong\nhanvien_luong\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\nhan_quach\Desktop\Phan_lop\demo\nhanvien_luong\nhanvien_luong\bin\nhanvien_luong.dll.config
C:\Users\nhan_quach\Desktop\Phan_lop\demo\nhanvien_luong\nhanvien_luong\bin\nhanvien_luong.dll
C:\Users\nhan_quach\Desktop\Phan_lop\demo\nhanvien_luong\nhanvien_luong\bin\nhanvien_luong.pdb
C:\Users\nhan_quach\Desktop\Phan_lop\demo\nhanvien_luong\nhanvien_luong\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\nhan_quach\Desktop\Phan_lop\demo\nhanvien_luong\nhanvien_luong\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\nhan_quach\Desktop\Phan_lop\demo\nhanvien_luong\nhanvien_luong\bin\MyEntity.dll
C:\Users\nhan_quach\Desktop\Phan_lop\demo\nhanvien_luong\nhanvien_luong\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\nhan_quach\Desktop\Phan_lop\demo\nhanvien_luong\nhanvien_luong\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\nhan_quach\Desktop\Phan_lop\demo\nhanvien_luong\nhanvien_luong\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\nhan_quach\Desktop\Phan_lop\demo\nhanvien_luong\nhanvien_luong\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\nhan_quach\Desktop\Phan_lop\demo\nhanvien_luong\nhanvien_luong\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
C:\Users\nhan_quach\Desktop\Phan_lop\demo\nhanvien_luong\nhanvien_luong\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\nhan_quach\Desktop\Phan_lop\demo\nhanvien_luong\nhanvien_luong\bin\MyEntity.pdb
C:\Users\nhan_quach\Desktop\Phan_lop\demo\nhanvien_luong\nhanvien_luong\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\nhan_quach\Desktop\Phan_lop\demo\nhanvien_luong\nhanvien_luong\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\nhan_quach\Desktop\Phan_lop\demo\nhanvien_luong\nhanvien_luong\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\nhan_quach\Desktop\Phan_lop\demo\nhanvien_luong\nhanvien_luong\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
C:\Users\nhan_quach\Desktop\Phan_lop\demo\nhanvien_luong\nhanvien_luong\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\nhan_quach\Desktop\Phan_lop\demo\nhanvien_luong\nhanvien_luong\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\nhan_quach\Desktop\Phan_lop\demo\nhanvien_luong\nhanvien_luong\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\nhan_quach\Desktop\Phan_lop\demo\nhanvien_luong\nhanvien_luong\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\nhan_quach\Desktop\Phan_lop\demo\nhanvien_luong\nhanvien_luong\obj\Debug\nhanvien_luong.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\nhan_quach\Desktop\Phan_lop\demo\nhanvien_luong\nhanvien_luong\obj\Debug\nhanvien_luong.dll
C:\Users\nhan_quach\Desktop\Phan_lop\demo\nhanvien_luong\nhanvien_luong\obj\Debug\nhanvien_luong.pdb
C:\Users\nhan_quach\Desktop\Phan_lop\demo\nhanvien_luong\nhanvien_luong\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
